Add pg system function pg_stat_get_numscans (#1984)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/functions-operators/sql-function-sys-admin.md

           240
(1 row)
```

## `pg_stat_get_numscans('table_name')`

Returns the total number of scans (sequential and index scans) performed on a specified table since the server was started.

```sql title=Example
SELECT pg_stat_get_numscans('my_table');
 pg_stat_get_numscans 
----------------------
                    0
(1 row)
```

:::note

> This is a dummy function, intended for compatibility with third-party tools. It will be eventually removed. We keep it here only for reference. So do not use it in production environments or any important tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a dummy function intended for compatibility with third-party tools. We keep it here only for reference and it will be eventually removed. Please do not use it in production environments or any important tasks.
```
